Update ALTER ROLE ALL explanation and links (#19585)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v25.2/alter-role.md

`SET {session variable}` | Set default [session variable]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/set-vars.md %}) values for a role.
`RESET {session variable}`<br>`RESET ALL` <a name="parameters-reset"></a> |  Reset one session variable or all session variables to the default value.
`IN DATABASE database_name` | Specify a database for which to apply session variable defaults.<br>When `IN DATABASE` is not specified, the default session variable values apply for a role in all databases.<br>In order for a session to initialize session variable values to database defaults, the database must be specified as a [connection parameter]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/connection-parameters.md %}). Database default values will not appear if the database is set after connection with `USE <dbname>`/`SET database=<dbname>`.

> `ROLE ALL ...`/`USER ALL ...` |  Apply session variable settings to all roles.<br>Exception: The `root` user is exempt from session variable settings. This is a failsafe; if you make a mistake with a session variable setting, you can still login as `root` and be unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ROLE ALL ...`/`USER ALL ...` |  Apply session variable settings to all roles.<br>Exception: The `root` user is exempt from session variable settings. This is a failsafe; if you make a mistake with a session variable setting, you can still log in as `root` and be unaffected.
```

Author: ✅

ALTER ROLE
~~~

> The `root` user is exempt from session variable settings changes. This is a failsafe; if you make a mistake with a session variable setting, you can still login as `root` and be unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `root` user is exempt from session variable settings changes. This is a failsafe; if you make a mistake with a session variable setting, you can still log in as `root` and be unaffected.
```
